MANIFEST.in
README.txt
setup.cfg
setup.py
python.dispatch.ms.egg-info/PKG-INFO
python.dispatch.ms.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
python.dispatch.ms.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
python.dispatch.ms.egg-info/entry_points.txt
python.dispatch.ms.egg-info/not-zip-safe
python.dispatch.ms.egg-info/requires.txt
python.dispatch.ms.egg-info/top_level.txt
pythondispatchms/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/config/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/config/app_cfg.py
pythondispatchms/config/environment.py
pythondispatchms/config/middleware.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/admin.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/api.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/error.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/images.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/log.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/lora.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/notification.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/pets.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/rabbit.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/root.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/root_back.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/secure.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/services.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/smartphones.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/test.py
pythondispatchms/controllers/traffic.py
pythondispatchms/i18n/pythonmercuryms.pot
pythondispatchms/i18n/es/LC_MESSAGES/pythonmercuryms.mo
pythondispatchms/i18n/es/LC_MESSAGES/pythonmercuryms.po
pythondispatchms/i18n/ru/LC_MESSAGES/pythonmercuryms.mo
pythondispatchms/i18n/ru/LC_MESSAGES/pythonmercuryms.po
pythondispatchms/lib/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/lib/app_globals.py
pythondispatchms/lib/base.py
pythondispatchms/lib/decorators.py
pythondispatchms/lib/graphs.py
pythondispatchms/lib/helpers.py
pythondispatchms/lib/jqgrid.py
pythondispatchms/lib/messagequeue.py
pythondispatchms/lib/rest.py
pythondispatchms/lib/statistics.py
pythondispatchms/lib/utililty.py
pythondispatchms/model/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/model/auth.py
pythondispatchms/model/tables.py
pythondispatchms/public/.DS_Store
pythondispatchms/public/back.png
pythondispatchms/public/favicon.ico
pythondispatchms/public/img/.DS_Store
pythondispatchms/public/img/1.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/10.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/2.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/3.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/4.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/5.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/6.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/7.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/8.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/9.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/ajax-loader.gif
pythondispatchms/public/img/back.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/blue-dot.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/clean-back.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/del.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/download.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/dvan.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/freddie-mercury-icon.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/matrix.jpg
pythondispatchms/public/img/movistar.ico
pythondispatchms/public/img/needle.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/noneedlecompass.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/undo.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/user.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/yellow-dot.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica.htm
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/sun.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/venus.ico
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/alert.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/bootstrap-datepicker.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/bootstrap.min.css
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/bootstrap.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/chart-data.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/chart.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/css
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/custom.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/datepicker3.css
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/easypiechart-data.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/easypiechart.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/font-awesome.min.css
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/grid.locale-es.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/jquery-1.11.1.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/jquery-ui.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/jquery-ui1.css
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/jquery.jqgrid.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/jquery.validate.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/moment.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/mqttws31.js
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/teststyles13.css
pythondispatchms/public/img/ico/Welcome to Telefonica_files/ui.jqgrid.css
pythondispatchms/public/img/traffic/needle.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/traffic/noneedlecompass.png
pythondispatchms/public/img/tree/Fminus.gif
pythondispatchms/public/img/tree/T.gif
pythondispatchms/public/img/tree/Tplus.gif
pythondispatchms/public/img/tree/_doc.gif
pythondispatchms/public/img/tree/_open.gif
pythondispatchms/public/img/tree/el.gif
pythondispatchms/public/lib/.DS_Store
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/bootstrap.min.css
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/final-master.css
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/jquery-ui.css
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/jquery.steps.css
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/main.css
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/normalize.css
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/ui.jqgrid.css
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-bg_flat_0_aaaaaa_40x100.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-bg_flat_55_fbec88_40x100.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-bg_glass_75_d0e5f5_1x400.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-bg_glass_85_dfeffc_1x400.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-bg_glass_95_fef1ec_1x400.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-bg_gloss-wave_55_5c9ccc_500x100.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-bg_inset-hard_100_f5f8f9_1x100.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-bg_inset-hard_100_fcfdfd_1x100.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-icons_217bc0_256x240.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-icons_2e83ff_256x240.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-icons_469bdd_256x240.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-icons_6da8d5_256x240.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-icons_cd0a0a_256x240.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-icons_d8e7f3_256x240.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/css/images/ui-icons_f9bd01_256x240.png
pythondispatchms/public/lib/fonts/font-awesome.min.css
pythondispatchms/public/lib/fonts/fontawesome-webfont.woff2
pythondispatchms/public/lib/fonts/glyphicons-halflings-regular.eot
pythondispatchms/public/lib/fonts/glyphicons-halflings-regular.svg
pythondispatchms/public/lib/fonts/glyphicons-halflings-regular.ttf
pythondispatchms/public/lib/fonts/glyphicons-halflings-regular.woff
pythondispatchms/public/lib/fonts/glyphicons-halflings-regular.woff2
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/Gruntfile.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/README.md
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/package.json
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/additional-methods.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/additional-methods.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/jquery.validate.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/jquery.validate.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ar.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ar.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_az.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_az.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_bg.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_bg.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_bn_BD.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_bn_BD.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ca.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ca.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_cs.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_cs.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_da.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_da.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_de.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_de.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_el.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_el.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_es.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_es.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_es_AR.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_es_AR.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_es_PE.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_es_PE.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_et.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_et.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_eu.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_eu.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_fa.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_fa.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_fi.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_fi.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_fr.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_fr.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ge.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ge.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_gl.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_gl.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_he.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_he.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_hr.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_hr.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_hu.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_hu.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_hy_AM.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_hy_AM.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_id.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_id.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_is.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_is.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_it.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_it.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ja.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ja.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ka.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ka.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_kk.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_kk.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ko.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ko.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_lt.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_lt.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_lv.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_lv.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_mk.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_mk.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_my.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_my.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_nl.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_nl.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_no.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_no.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_pl.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_pl.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_pt_BR.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_pt_BR.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_pt_PT.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_pt_PT.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ro.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ro.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ru.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ru.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_sd.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_sd.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_si.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_si.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_sk.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_sk.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_sl.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_sl.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_sr.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_sr.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_sr_lat.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_sr_lat.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_sv.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_sv.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_th.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_th.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_tj.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_tj.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_tr.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_tr.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_uk.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_uk.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ur.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_ur.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_vi.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_vi.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_zh.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_zh.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_zh_TW.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/messages_zh_TW.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/methods_de.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/methods_de.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/methods_es_CL.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/methods_es_CL.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/methods_fi.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/methods_fi.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/methods_nl.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/methods_nl.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/methods_pt.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/dist/localization/methods_pt.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/lib/jquery-1.11.1.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/lib/jquery-1.7.2.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/lib/jquery-1.8.3.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/lib/jquery-1.9.1.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/lib/jquery-3.1.1.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/lib/jquery.form.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/lib/jquery.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/lib/jquery.mockjax-1.5.3.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/lib/jquery.mockjax-2.2.1.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/lib/jquery.mockjax.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/lib/jquery.simulate.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jquery-validation-1.17.0/lib/require.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/jqueryrotate/jQueryRotate.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/js/alert.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/js/bootstrap.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/js/grid.locale-en.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/js/grid.locale-es.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/js/jquery-1.11.0.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/js/jquery-ui.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/js/jquery.cookie-1.3.1.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/js/jquery.jqgrid.src.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/js/jquery.steps.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/js/jquery.steps.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/js/modernizr-2.6.2.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/justgage/justgage.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/justgage/raphael-2.1.4.min.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/moment/moment-with-locales.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/moment/moment.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/stomp/stomp.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/timepicker/jquery-ui-timepicker-addon.css
pythondispatchms/public/lib/timepicker/jquery-ui-timepicker-addon.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/tw2/dynforms.js
pythondispatchms/public/lib/tw2/forms.css
pythondispatchms/public/sounds/alarm.mp3
pythondispatchms/public/sounds/alarmoriginal.mp3
pythondispatchms/public/sounds/bell.mp3
pythondispatchms/public/sounds/buzzer.mp3
pythondispatchms/public/sounds/claxon.mp3
pythondispatchms/public/sounds/ding.mp3
pythondispatchms/templates/.DS_Store
pythondispatchms/templates/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/templates/error.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/index.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/main.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/master.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/master.xhtml
pythondispatchms/templates/originalmaster.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-35.pyc
pythondispatchms/templates/admin/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/templates/admin/adminlistener.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/admin/assignform.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/admin/dedicated.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/admin/emailservice.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/admin/expressionform.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/admin/roles.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/admin/triggerform.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/admin/userfilterform.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/admin/wizard_dedicated.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/admin/wizard_roles.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/admin/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-35.pyc
pythondispatchms/templates/api/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/templates/api/api.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/api/display.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/devices/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/templates/devices/devices.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/error/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/templates/error/restError.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/graphs/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/templates/graphs/graph.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/graphs/monitor.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/graphs/monitorStats.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/graphs/qr.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/graphs/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-35.pyc
pythondispatchms/templates/log/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/templates/log/log.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/templates/test/asyncStep.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/backusers.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/csv.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/datetime.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/ecran.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/empty.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/images.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/json.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/messages.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/new.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/pdf.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/pdfexample.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/reademail.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/stepsExample.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/telefonica.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/test.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/twg.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/users.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/websockets.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/wizardLoadingSegment.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/test/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-35.pyc
pythondispatchms/templates/traffic/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/templates/traffic/account.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/traffic/callerlist.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/traffic/eventdata.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/traffic/eventstemplate.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/traffic/finalizedtraffic.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/traffic/history.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/traffic/images.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/traffic/noreport.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/traffic/pending.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/traffic/rejectedtraffic.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/traffic/traffic.mak
pythondispatchms/templates/traffic/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-35.pyc
pythondispatchms/tests/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/tests/functional/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/tests/functional/test_authentication.py
pythondispatchms/tests/functional/test_root.py
pythondispatchms/tests/models/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/tests/models/test_auth.py
pythondispatchms/websetup/__init__.py
pythondispatchms/websetup/bootstrap.py
pythondispatchms/websetup/schema.py